[MERGE ON MARCH 31st] Deprecating old versions from Cloud (#7105)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

## March 2025

> - **Behavior change**: As of March 31st, 2025 dbt Core versions 1.0, 1.1, and 1.2 have been deprecated from dbt Cloud. They are no longer availabe to select as versions for new dbt projects. Projects currently on any of these versions will continue to run until April 30th, 2025, after which they will fail if they have not been update to v1.3 or higher.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Behavior change**: As of March 31st, 2025, dbt Core versions 1.0, 1.1, and 1.2 have been deprecated from dbt Cloud. They are no longer available to select as versions for new dbt projects. Projects currently on any of these versions will continue to run until April 30th, 2025, after which they will fail if they have not been updated to v1.3 or higher.
```

> - **Behavior change**: As of March 31st, 2025, dbt Core versions 1.0, 1.1, and 1.2 have been deprecated from dbt Cloud. They are no longer available to select as versions for new dbt projects. Projects currently on any of these versions will continue to run until April 30th, 2025, after which they will fail if they have not been updated to v1.3 or higher.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Behavior change**: As of March 31st, 2025, dbt Core versions 1.0, 1.1, and 1.2 have been deprecated from dbt Cloud. They are no longer available to select as versions for dbt projects. Projects currently on any of these versions will continue to run until April 30th, 2025, after which they will fail if they have not been updated to v1.3 or higher.
```
